WASHINGTON, DC
At the end of
his two-year killing spree,
seven women were dead.
J. MILLER BOOKSTORE
He made a name for himself.
Literally.
He sent out written communication
identifying himself
as the Keystone Killer.
These letters, all of which were
accompanied by a word search puzzle,
were part of his game.
Like Son of Sam, he taunted the police.
He fueled
the media's fascination with him.
As you'll see in the book,
he left specific crime scene details
in the word puzzles.
And then, 18 years ago,
he just stopped killing.
Now, one of the
Philadelphia P.D.'s theories was
that he was in jail
on an unrelated charge.
But this is a man who craves attention.
He could not remain
a faceless prisoner for so long.
Another theory was
that he had simply moved away
and he continued killing in another city
or another country.
But the FBI's ViCAP program tracks murders
and murderers all around the world
and they turned up nothing.
This intricate knot
was part of his sngnature.
It's a signature
we have never seen repeated.
Another theory was that he had died,
which is the only explanation
for why a compulsive psychopath
would stop killing.
But I never believed he was
a psychopath who had to do this.
I believe he is a narcissistic sociopath
who chooses to.
This is his last victim.
Amy Jennings. She was 23.
Her infant son was in the next room
when she was killed.
So even if he thinks he's finished,
he still has a debt to pay.
Thank you, Mr. Ryan. Thank you, sir.
-Thank you.
You look comfortable up there.
Why don't you come back to the BAU
for a guest lecture?
-I'm retired, remember?
-Hell of a way to relax.
323 pages on the one that got away.
He hasn't gotten away.
And you didn't count
that eight-page prologue.
What happened to Florida
No, Florida's too humid.
Aanay, I'd miss the seasons.
So I'm in Philadelphia now.
You're in Philadelphia for the "seasons"?
You think I'm, what, dysfunctional
You want to eat where the killer eats,
sleep where he sleeps?
Maybe I'm addicted to Pat's Steaks.
Maybe I'm holding out hope that the
Eagles will turn it around next season.
Remember weapons of mass destruction?
What are you saying
I'm saying sometimes we get it wrong.
You ever consider that?
I've considered everything.
So, how are things at BAU
Everything changes, everything stays
the same. You know how it is.
-Miss me?
-No.
-Just here to buy a book, then, huh
Profilers, they fascinate me.
Sorry to interrupt,
but this is for you.
-Thanks.
-Sure.
-Fan mail.
-Fan mail. How do you like that?
Wait a minute. Hey, who gave this to you?
I don't know. Guy in a blue jacket.
Hey, hey, wait.
That's not the guy. Hey, it's not the guy.
What's going on?
Sorry, sir. Misunderstanding.
"Who in his mind
has not probed the black water?
"We're like two volumes
of the same book, Max.
"Why don't we add a few more chapters?"
-Is this from him -Son of a bitch was right here.
You still think I'm after a ghost?
Lock this place down.
No one leaves until I talk to him.
Norman Maclean wrote,
"It is those we live with and love
and should know who elude us."
F.B.I., Behavioral Analysis Unit
QUANTICO, VIRGINIA
So they've been here all night?
Apparently.
Where else would any of us
be on a Saturday night?
It's not like we have lives or anything.
Speak for yourself.
Guys, we are about to meet Max Ryan,
the guy responsible
for catching the Boise child killer.
-Have you ever talked to him before?
-He's pretty intense, brusque.
-Not much of a bedside manner.
-Sound like anyone else we know?
I heard he was forced
into early retirement.
No, he chose to retire.
He's written a new book
on the Keystone Killer case.
He moved to Philadelphia
to be closer to the crime scenes.
-That's retirement?
-Well, BAU-style.
John Steinbeck, East of Eden.
Story of good and evil, love and hate.
There's been some new activity
on the Keystone Killer case.
New?
-He was at Max's lecture last night.
-What?
He got away?
Would we have woken you up
if we caught him?
He handed this letter
to the security guard.
And he included
two driver's licenses with it.
One is from his last victim.
-Last known victim.
Amy Jennings, strangled in 1987.
"Wool socks."
You see something?
Yeah. What is the significance
of "black bra" and "grey wool socks"?
That's what Amy Jennings was wearing
when we found her.
That's a lot of detail
to remember for 20 years.
The Green River Killer couldn't remember
where the bodies were buried,
much less what they were wearing.
Well, some UnSubs take pictures.
Print them themselves so they can
manipulate the scene, bring it to life.
That would explain the level of detail.
Does "no fight" and "rear window" have
anything to do with the Jennings case?
No. He entered in through the front door.
There's ample evidence
that Amy fought him very hard.
No, he's referring to a new victim there.
Carla Bromwell.
Yeah, there's a "C Bromwell" here
in the puzzle.
Philly P.D. went to the address
on the license a little while ago.
Found her suffocated with a plastic bag.
Suffocated?
His previous victims were strangled.
His MO's different.
He hasn't been killing all along, has he?
It would've been difficult
to tie these new murders
to the Keystone Killer,
what with the change of methodology
and the time that's elapsed between kills.
If he had been active, I would have known.
It's not entirely impossible
for an UnSub to switch his MO.
The Zodiac Killer went from
stabbing people to shooting them.
Yes, but he wanted to take the credit.
This bastard didn't do anything in secret.
I'd say good morning,
but it's still dark outside.
-Who's this?
-Carla Bromwell.
Gideon, can you put on the news?
The Philadelphia Police were notified
late last night of a letter
that was hand-delivered
to this news station.
Apparently, it was written
by the infamous Keystone Killer,
_ who's wanted in connection
WIth the murders of seven women
back in the late 19805.
He also included a photograph of a woman.
She appears to be dead in the photo,
suffocated with a plastic bag.
Now, subsequently, police discovered
a body in the Overbrook area,
but they are not confirming
that it's the woman in this picture.
-He works fast.
-That's an understatement, huh?
Meet you on the plane in 30 minutes?
I'm coming with you.
I'm not asking, Jason.
Philly P.D. confirmed
that Carla Bromwell's been dead
less than 12 hours.
She was 47.
-Victims are getting older.
-That is unusual.
Victimology rarely changes.
Her hands and feet
were bound with Flex-cufs.
Flex-cufs
That's what they said. They're waiting
at the crime scene for you.
-Thank you, sweetheart.
-Here if you need me.
So, older victims and a different mode
of binding and killing.
Maybe the note just means
we have a copycat on our hands.
A copycat who just happens to
have Amy Jennings' driver's license?
No. No, it's the Keystone Killer.
How are we supposed to work with him?
Gideon, he's not even an active agent.
He's here because he knows this case
better than any of us.
We're leading the investigation.
He's only consulting.
Anyone tell him that?
FBI? Detective Charles Santangelo,
Philly P.D.
Agents Gideon and Greenaway.
You actually think
the Keystone Killer did this?
Yes, we do.
-Agent Ryan.
-Detective.
Should have guessed
you'd show up sooner or later.
He's consulting with us.
CSI's done processing the body?
-Yeah. We'll get out of your way.
-Thanks.
This is his eighth victim.
There's no bruising on the wrists,
ankles or neck.
Just a good-sized blunt force head wound.
Yeah, probably a surprise attack.
Well, the puzzle said "no fight."
I know what the puzzle said.
Head wound is extensive.
-Level of violence is escalating.
-Yeah.
This bedroom is in the front of the house,
and the puzzle mentioned a rear window.
-Maybe he left a print.
-No way.
Well, I think
I'm going to check it out anyway.
You do what you want to do,
but believe me, you're wasting your time.
-Elle's good at this, Max.
-Did I say she wasn't?
I haven't had a feeling like this
around a dead body in 18 years.
I remember what you said to me
on my first day.
"Don't lose your objectivity.
This isn't personal."
Yeah, well, maybe not for you.
We are aware of the media reports,
however, we cannot confirm at this time.
Is it the Keystone Killer?
The FBI will be making
a formal statement later on today.
We received more information
from the murderer than the police.
-What's going on?
-We have a right to the truth.
The Philadelphia Police have to finish
investigating this crime scene
before we can make a statement.
All of your questions
will be answered at that time,
so please be patient.
That's all I can say.
Ma'am, when can we
expect that statement today?
Do you know anything about motive?
-What do you think of Ryan?
-He hasn't changed much.
I think we can learn a lot from him.
What could you possibly learn
that you don't already know?
Hotch, repetitive thinking
is a death knell for the brain.
For complete brain usage,
diverse stimulation is the key.
Look at this.
Let's go show this to everyone.
Found another note.
Let me see that.
"In order
for the light to shine so brightly,
"the darkness must be present."
He's quoting Sir Francis Bacon now.
-Yeah. I use this specific quote in my...
-In your book, on page 184.
I read it on the plane.
And you remember
the page number of the quote?
Don't ask.
He says to expect another gift
in two days.
-A gift?
-Calls his victims gifts.
-Gifts for whom?
-For me.
PHILADELPHIA, PENNSYLVANIA
A lot of things have changed
in 20 years,
including the age
of the Keystone Killer's victims.
He's older. His victims are older.
Makes sense to me.
Most UnSubs have
specific fantasies.
It's as if they're killing the same person
over and over again.
This man clearly had a preference
for young brunettes,
and now he's switched to older women.
Well, what does that mean?
Ted Bundy only killed women
that looked like his fiance.
But then he devolved and he brutally
attacked a house full of sorority sisters
that looked nothing like
his previous victims.
His final victim was a 12-year-old girl.
When police found the van
that he used to kill her,
the amount of blood revealed
that he had lost complete control.
It was that de-evolution
that eventually led to hIs capture.
He could be de-evolving into a frenzy.
So you mean he's about to mess up?
The Keystone Killer's
de-evolution is only a theory.
We need to be prepared for anything.
And if he is in a frenzy, there's no
telling how quickly he'll fall apart.
Or how many more victims
he'll take with him.
So, we're going to go over
everything we know, old and new,
and hopefully find him
before we find another body.
We'll start with
Agent Ryan's original profile.
Max, you want to present it?
No.
We're looking for a white male
in his late forties.
The controlled crime scenes,
the meticulousness _
and his collection of trophies
suggests a possible military background.
We believe he's been living
in the same geographic area
his entire adult life...
Ithought
you were going to present the profile.
Team can handle it.
The team.
We used to work solo
when this all started.
Well, we were wrong.
You don't worry about too many cooks?
Nope.
He used a quote, Jason.
He used a quote from my book.
So? Maybe it's a coincidence.
We've both been doing this too long
to believe that.
All right, let's focus on the
differences in the crimes.
What's he doing that's new?
Well, his latest victim
was hit in the head. That's new.
In the word puzzle he said
she didn't fight, so why hit her?
Scare her
Well, he never did that before.
And a blow that hard wouldn't
scare her. It would probably just...
It'd probably just
knock her unconscious.
In order to control her?
Well, he switched
from using rope to Flex-cufs.
The intricate_knot
was part of his Signature.
Flex-cufs are easier.
Probably saved him time.
No, no, no, no. It's more than that.
The rope was meticulously tied.
It was intimate.
Completely unnecessary.
And he abandoned the rope
and the use of his bare hands,
which makes his kills less personal
and less controlling.
Okay. Seriously, guys,
let's just abandon all this.
Let's just treat him
like he's a new offender.
He isn't.
Guys, I have a name.
"Nibrahs." That's a name
It's backwards. S. Harbin.
There's a Scott Harbin _
on Ryan's original suspect list.
It's not Scott Harbin.
Harbin went to jail in 1988
for stabbing a guy
while he was trying to escape
during a home invasion.
The guy later died.
Harbin didn't even know there was _
anyone at home at the time he broke in.
-How long did he get?
-Thirty years.
So, that makes him
a little more than halfway done.
Unless he's been paroled.
No. No, that's too easy.
I interviewed Harbin, twice.
He's a pervert.
He's a small-time burglar
with a fetish for lingerie.
I mean, he's a creep,
but he is not the Keystone Killer.
Believe me, our guy has not been in jail
all these years.
All right, I'm going to call Garcia.
See what she can dig up on this guy.
He's not the guy!
-Jason, what are we doing here
Well, is Ryan interested
in catching the Keystone Killer
or just proving he's right?
Scott Harbin was paroled three months ago.
Oh, yeah
Yeah, looks like it. And, hey, guess what?
Bad boy missed his last appointment
with his parole officer.
Well, that right there makes him
a wanted man, doesn't it?
Uh-huh, uh-huh.
And I have an address on him.
You are amazing.
You have no idea.
FBI! SWAT!
Stop! I said stop!
Okay, okay!
All right, all right, all right.
-Are you Scott Harbin
-Scott Harbin?
-Yeah, that's Scott Harbin.
-Hey! Ryan.
-Come on.
You got old.
Haven't we all?
-You missed an appointment, Scott.
-Oh.
They send the FBI now
for parole violations?
Yeah, we were in the neighborhood.
Excuse me, fellas.
Thanks.
-Hotch?
-Yeah.
Look at that.
Socks three inches, undenNear six inches.
They teach you that at basic training.
Ryan thought
he might have a military background.
Hey, Morgan!
What's the chance he labels his secrets?
-What do you think?
-I don't know.
He does seem to be a guy
who needs to be in control.
He's definitely obsessive.
Everything has its place.
Probably comes
from years of solitude, huh?
And a strict upbringing.
I mean, this is a guy
who likes to be alone.
Sharing a jail cell
must've been a nightmare.
Are you finished?
What, did I make you angry
What, you're going to hurt me?
I'm not stupid.
No, you wouldn't hurt me here.
You'd wait.
Sneak up behind me
and hit me over the head
just when I'm not looking.
What's the matter, Scotty?
Can't deal with a woman
who's not afraid of you?
Hey, Morgan.
Yo.
Think he makes his own movies?
Well, if he's the control freak
Ryan thinks he is, why wouldn't he?
Where are the tapes?
-You okay
Got a little hot.
-Did I say anything that wasn't true?
-No.
Well, then, I guess I'm fine.
-Hear that?
-Yeah.
I got it. I got it.
Oh, man. Give me a hand.
-What?
-Give me a hand.
What the hell?
Hey! Little help!
-No!No!No!
-It's okay. It's okay.
We're with the FBI.
Get an ambulance right now! Move!
I'm on it. Call EMT.
Roger that.
Yeah. Here he comes.
I'll bring him out
and then I'll call you back.
Scott Harbin.
Single, obsessive, military background.
Fits your profile.
But he keeps his victim in his house
Ryan.
It's got your name on it.
_ "Isn't Scott Harbin
an inelegant creature? A monster.
"There is no light with him.
No balance. He is pure evil.
"Balance is what gives one mercy.
"You'll be reminded
of my brand of mercy tomorrow, Max."
What does that mean?
Scott Harbin's a predator,
just not the one we're looking for.
Cordon off the area.
At least a six-block radius.
Someone must have seen this guy.
Well, that's got to be a first.
A killer actually leading us
to another killer.
Come on, we all know
they make the best profilers.
They admire each other's work.
Yeah, but usually from afar.
Well, at least we got Harbin
off the street.
All right. Let's review.
What do we know about the Keystone Killer?
Well, we know
that he's not dead or in jail.
-Enjoys the taunting, the game.
-And he's in complete control.
He strangled seven women in the 1980s,
stopped for 18 years and then
began again, suffocating them.
I mean, 10% of all violent crimes
are caused by strangulation.
It only takes 11 pounds of pressure
to fully incapacitate your victim.
And if you hang on for at least
50 seconds, they'll never recover.
But when you suffocate someone
you actually have less control
over their death.
And it's actually more passive
because the killer
doesn't feel the life leaving the body.
You know, he's changed
almost everything that he does.
Why, why, why, why?
I mean,
what's he getting out of this new MO?
What is his payoff?
You got Carla Bromwell.
She sustains a significant head injury.
Blitz attacks suggest disorganization,
no self-confidence.
This is a guy who walks into
seven victims' homes prior to this.
There was no forced entry
at any of the scenes.
Where's the loss of confidence?
He would never change
the way he kills by choice.
What?
Well, we've been operating
under the assumption
that he purposely changed his MO.
You say he changed
because he had to change?
He knocked her unconscious,
and it wasn't to scare her.
Because he couldn't control her
phy5ically while she's awake.
-He could be incapacitated.
-At least partially.
-Maybe an injury.
-Or a stroke.
Either way, you're going to have to
have medical records. Agreed?
Yeah. So what are we talking about?
This had to have happened after
the middle of 1988 in Philadelphia?
To somebody who fits
the rest of the profile.
That's a lot of hospital records.
Call our girl Friday.
Okay.
We're releasing a profile
of the man we're looking for.
We're hoping that
someone out there seeing this
will recognize some of the elements.
He is most likely a white male
in his late forties
with a military background
and well-educated.
He has a need for power and control,
so he probably has a job
with some type of authority.
You've just described half of the men
living in Philadelphia.
-How does that help us?
-If you'd let me finish...
The killer wrote in his last letter
that he'd strike again within two days.
How close are you to an arrest?
I'm not at liberty to discuss the
progress of this ongoing investigation.
My name is Philip Bromwell.
My sister, Carla, was murdered yesterday
by a man you people
should have stopped 18 years ago.
Are you "at liberty" to explain
how I'm supposed to tell our mother
about this?
I am very sorry
for your loss, Mr. Bromwell.
Please know that we do have
the very best team assembled
to handle this.
Isn't Special Agent Ryan
working with the FBI again?
He was unable to solve the murder before.
What makes you think he's capable now?
Agent Ryan was one of
a number of men working on this case.
There is no blame to be put
on any one man or division.
I'd hate to be standing out there
in front of those jackals.
Well, JJ, she can hold her own.
You're all better at the press thing
than we ever were.
Well, we have a lot more of it
to deal with now.
They need someone to blame.
I guess it's me.
Are you okay with that?
Well, the fact is,
I haven't been able to solve the case.
So I'm an easy target.
But if I...
If we do close it, that'll all go away.
And you think you'll be able to
Well, I won't have any choice.
But don't you want to?
I mean, don't you get to a certain point
where you want to relax?
Maybe spend some time with your family?
Family?
I lost that a long time ago.
I haven't even seen them in years.
As far as relaxing,
the BAU doesn't employ too many agents
with a relaxing kind of mentality,
do they?
Well, we've got some records
to go through.
Hi. What's up?
Something debilitating enough
to lose strength permanently.
I'm still thinking stroke.
You know, Ryan's profile
puts the UnSub in his late twenties.
Isn't that too young for a massive stroke?
Technically, you're never too young
for a stroke.
80% of strokes are ischemic.
The other 20% are hemorrhagic,
which usually result in death.
Ischemic_ strokes occur _
when plaque bUIlds up in the arteries,
causing restricted vessels
to be blocked by a blood clot.
Okay, but doesn't it take years
for that type of plaque to build up?
Typically.
Well, then, like I said, he was too young.
Did you know that stroke victims
who play virtual reality games
show significant advances in recovery
than those who don't?
Now, here's somebody. In 1987 he was 30,
single, dishonourable discharge.
That's a good start. What was the injury?
Broken neck.
Intense physical therapy for nine years.
-What's he been doing since?
-Oh, never mind.
The guy moved to the Florida Keys.
He's a scuba instructor.
He's got the right idea.
Come on. _ _
There's got to be something in here.
Taking a break?
Is there anything worse
than cop shop coffee?
Day-old cop shop doughnuts?
You know, at home I actually have to
make the coffee bad now to enjoy it.
Yeah, I've had what you make.
You're saying
you did that to me on purpose?
Well, what are friends for?
Remember that Boise child murderer?
How could I forget him?
The lead city detective,
Griffin was his name, right?
Yeah.
I remember, we got there,
that man was nearly suicidal.
Well, he had kids dropping
around him like flies.
You told him feeling guilty
when a series of crimes is occurring
that you can't stop,
natural response.
Important thing, not to let yourself
become another victim.
-Hey, this is different.
-Rea|ly?
Really.
You see, Jason, somewhere,
I think in my subconscious,
I hoped that writing this book
would draw him out.
That he missed the attention.
And maybe...
Maybe I wanted to play his game.
-You had no idea he'd kill again.
-No, but he did.
And now there's_another woman
out there in danger.
Max, you know this man
better than he knows himself.
You always have.
Now you've got an advantage.
You got a team of the most incredible
agents in the world out there.
And you're standing here alone.
If you let us, we'll help you find him.
Elle is running down injuries
on college campuses.
The guy's well-read.
He may have been a professor.
There are just too many hospitals,
clinics, long-term care facilities.
We'd be sifting through records for weeks.
Oh, come on. There's got to be some way
to narrow down the search, right?
Well, we've ruled out a stroke
and half the hospitals don't even say
how the accident occurred.
Accidents?
In America, someone's involved in
a car accident once every 10 seconds.
Car accidents with injuries
would all be reported by the police.
We profiled him driving a late-model
American-made sedan.
All right, so how about I get Garcia
to check Philly P.D. records
_ _ for accidents
involvmg American-made sedans
and serious injury?
-It's a long shot.
-It's a shot.
Start with 1988. If it was an accident,
it stopped him in his tracks.
I need a list, sweetness.
Sugar, you're in luck.
Lists are my speciality. Go.
All right. Philadelphia. 1988.
I need all caraccidents
resulting in injuries.
Wow, there's a lot of them.
Guess friends
let friends drive drunk back then.
Okay, got injuries.
Thirty-six in a 12-month period.
-How many were American-made cars?
-Almost all of them.
Except only five were serious enough
to send the drivers to the hospital.
Let's hear it for American-made safety.
Tell me who the drivers were.
Okay, one happened on I-95 by the airport.
Ambulance picked up the other driver
outside of 3245 Anders Street.
Ow.
Broken back. That's not good.
Wait, Anders Street...
3200 block of Anders?
That's where Carla Bromwell lived.
Well, that driver's name is Walter Kern,
currently 48 years old,
and still residing
in the City of Brother and Sisterly Love.
If he's 48, that would've put him
in his late twenties
at the time of the killings.
Just like Ryan predicted.
Walter Kern had a military background.
ROTC in high school.
Four years in the Air Force.
Hospital records show that
he lost mobility in his right side
due to severed nerve damage
to his spinal cord.
He never got the strength back.
Kern's been a county worker,
claims adjuster,
and get this, he installed
home alarms with Scott Harbin.
Takes one to know one.
All those jobs
allowed him access to people's homes.
Explains why
there's no sign of forced entry.
He had a legitimate reason
to knock on the door.
Women felt comfortable letting him inside.
He got a degree in criminology
from Villanova in 1988.
I wonder if he murdered anyone on campus.
That certainly explains
his knowledge of law enforcement.
This looks like our guy.
Anybody got a current address?
575 Wight Street, Southeast Philadelphia.
I got you, you son of a bitch.
We got him. Let's go bring him in.
-Hey, Walter. Come on in.
-Hi.
How can I help you, gentlemen?
I'm Special Agent Jason Gideon.
This is Special Agent Max Ryan
with the FBI.
-Can we speak with Walter Kern?
-He's not here right now.
Do you know where he is?
-Is something wrong
What are you going to do
Why?
Put on these cuffs.
Do it.
Now!
Walter's at the Pinewood Community
Center working with the Boy Scouts.
He volunteers as one of the leaders.
Would it be possible for us
to search the house, ma'am?
Hotch, he's at
the Pinewood Community Center.
What for?
We've been called in to investigate
the murders of several women
here in Philadelphia.
That's why we need to talk to him.
That is the craziest thing
I've ever heard.
And I'm going to have to
ask you to leave. Now.
Does your husband have an area
here in the house
that you're never supposed to go into?
A place that you're not supposed to see?
Walter has a darkroom.
If he knew you were in there,
would he become so angry
that you fear he could hurt you?
He just doesn't want me
to ruin his pictures, that's all.
Mrs. Kern, has your husband ever suffered
from long periods of depression?
Yes, after his car accident.
And did he suddenly just snap
out of it, for no apparent reason?
What does all this mean?
Could you show us the room, Mrs. Kern?
It's clear.
Looks like he collected every article
written about him.
He's got your book.
Damn it, I signed it.
Hotch was entirely correct
about the photography.
This cellar's
where he develops his photographs.
What's that
There's a chapter
on every woman he's killed.
These entries are detailed enough
to let him relive the kills for years.
He has candid photographs
of the victims at the park,
grocery store, outside of church.
Driver's license, clothing, jewelry.
Those chapters in the back.
They're not finished.
These photographs
are at least 20 years old.
I mean, look at the hairstyles,
the clothing.
His recent themes of communication
have been about "old friends,"
"unfinished business."
His car accident was in
the Fairmount district of Philadelphia.
That's exactly where Carla Bromwell lived.
He was on the way to kill her
when he had his accident.
_ _ It's not about _ _
finding a new type of Victim.
It's about a specific target.
Because he was such a perfectionist,
and is a perfectionist,
he had to finish
what he started years ago.
Oh, these aren't new victims, Max.
They were already targeted.
Right from day one.
Who's in that last chapter?
What's wrong with you, Walter?
I've known you and Anne for years.
You're good people.
Lay down on your back.
Speak again and I will kill you.
We believe Walter Kern
is in Sylvia Gooden's home now.
Hotch confirmed he left
the community center hours ago
and Kern's car's parked on the next block.
I want Walter Kern alive.
I'll stand by for the word.
Good. Let's move out.
-I'll call you when we've secured Kern.
-Yeah.
Please don't.
I need to do this. I can't stop it.
No!No!No!
No! No!
It'll be over soon.
Back up! Don't move!
Don't move! Don't move!
-Get off her!
-Don't move! Don't move!
On your knees! Down! Don't move!
Ow! Watch my arm!
Don't move!
Watch it!
Easy!
-You're going to be all right.
-Just breathe deep. Take it easy.
-I'm not resisting.
We got her. Sylvia Gooden's alive.
We got her.
Gideon! I need your cuffs, man.
You're going to be fine. It's over.
You're going to be fine.
Why don't you do this?
That's enough. Now get up.
Up!
GIDEON: You're going to be okay.
You're all right.
Just breathe. Just breathe.
-You got him?
-Yeah, I got him.
You know you've enjoyed this ride
as much as I have, Max.
Well, I sure am enjoying this part of it.
We are inseparable, you and me.
Let's just test that theory, huh?
Get him out of here.
Abraham Lincoln once said,
"In the end, it's not the years
in your life that count.
"It's the life in your years."
Did Jason ever tell you about the time
that he found the Director's itinerary
in a bomber's car?
What -Max, come on. Come on.
Well, let me fill you in, then.
We had this bomber case.
It was one of Jason's first.
So we had him go over
and search the bomber's car,
which was in the Quantico garage.
Except for me and the guys
had planted this piece of paper
that had all these times and locations
of where the FBI Director
was going to be over the next 48 hours.
Aanay, Jason takes one look
at this piece of paper,
and before we could stop him,
he takes off,
runs up 25 flights of stairs
to the Director's office...
Get out of here.
...barges in, interrupting a meeting
with the Attorney General himself.
Yeah, yeah!
The Director didn't
find it very funny.
And he was the only one who didn't.
What else you got No family.
Who's that?
Ryan.
I mean, technically he's retired,
but he hasn't seen his kids in years.
Divorce is not uncommon in the BAU.
You know the other night
when you called
Did you think it was weird
that we all just
were able to drop everything
and go to the office?
That we're all available to you
anytime you call, day or night?
-No, not really.
-How do you do it?
How do you do this job
and still have a wife and a baby?
Well, when I'm with them, I try
to focus 100% of my attention there.
And then when I'm with you guys,
I try to do the same thing.
It's about priorities, Elle. It's about
setting them and keeping them.
I'm just so scared I'm going to
turn into that guy over there.
Look up and see that
my life has passed me by
while I was chasing monsters.
It's hard.
This job will eat you up if you let it.
So what do I do?
Find a way not to let it.